feat: Allow changing the Dovecot vmail UID/GID via ENV (#3550)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: docs/content/config/environment.md

The log-level will show everything in its class and above.

##### UID_DOCKER

Change on startup user UID to a custom value default to 5000

##### GID_DOCKER

> Change on startup user UID to a custom value default to 5000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change on startup user GID to a custom value default to 5000
```

> ##### UID_DOCKER
> 
> Change on startup user UID to a custom value default to 5000
> 
> ##### GID_DOCKER
> 
> Change on startup user GID to a custom value default to 5000
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### DMS_VMAIL_UID

Default: 5000

The User ID assigned to the static vmail user for `/var/mail` (_Mail storage managed by Dovecot_).

##### DMS_VMAIL_GID

Default: 5000

The Group ID assigned to the static vmail group for `/var/mail` (_Mail storage managed by Dovecot_).

```

Author: done

> ##### DMS_VMAIL_UID
> 
> Change on startup user UID to a custom value default to 5000
> 
> ##### DMS_VMAIL_GID
> 
> Change on startup user GID to a custom value default to 5000
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### DMS_VMAIL_UID

Default: 5000

The User ID assigned to the static vmail user for `/var/mail` (_Mail storage managed by Dovecot_).

##### DMS_VMAIL_GID

Default: 5000

The Group ID assigned to the static vmail group for `/var/mail` (_Mail storage managed by Dovecot_).

```
